Bald eagles mate for life.
There's a statue of Jason Voorhees, the “Friday the 13th” serial killer, chained to the bottom of a Minnesota lake.
Abraham Lincoln was a licensed bartender.
During his entire lifetime, Vincent Van Gogh is known to have sold only a single painting.
Queen lead singer Freddie Mercury was born with four extra teeth in his upper jaw giving him his distinct smile.
Lobsters have blue blood.
Napoleon Bonaparte was once attacked by a swarm of rabbits.
Coco Chanel is credited for originating the little black dress back in the 1920s.
There are more stars in the universe than there are grains of sand on earth.
Chewbacca in “Star Wars” is based on George Lucas’ dog, an Alaskan Malamute named “Indiana,” who also inspired “Indiana Jones.”
The liver is the only human organ that can fully regenerate itself.
The oldest continuous sporting event in the U.S. is the Kentucky Derby.
Babies are born with 275 to 300 bones. By the time they're adults, they only have 206 since some bones fuse together as they grow.
Including its territories, France has 12 time zones, the most of any other country.
The longest over-water flight without alternate airports is from the coast of California to Honolulu, Hawaii.
“Yesterday” by The Beatles is considered the most covered song in music history.
After Steve Carell left “The Office,” James Gandolfini of the “Sopranos” was reportedly offered the role and turned it down.
Clarinets are made almost entirely out of wood from the mpingo tree.
The first successful electric car in the U.S. was made by chemist William Morrison in 1890.
At around 22 months, elephants have the longest gestation period of any mammal on earth.
It takes roughly 540 peanuts to make a jar of peanut butter.
Actor Roy Scheider improvised the famous “Jaws” quote, “You’re gonna need a bigger boat.”
In 1971, astronaut Alan Shepard played golf on the moon.
Ferret-legging is a endurance sport in which competitors attempt to keep ferrets trapped in their pants for as long as possible.
Sir Isaac Newton invented the color wheel in 1666.
The oldest living land animal on earth is a 192-year-old tortoise named Jonathan.
The hardest bone in the human body is the femur.
A group of owls is called a parliament.
The deepest part of the ocean is approximately 35,876 feet down.
A silverback gorilla can lift over 1,763 pounds.
Winds on Neptune can blow faster than 1,200 miles an hour.
Salvador Dalí designed the logo for the Chupa Chups lollipop brand.
The Caesar salad was invented in 1924.
The sun is about 400 times larger than the moon.
The average person blinks 14 to 17 times per minute.
90 % of the world’s population lives in the Northern Hemisphere.
Honey doesn't spoil.
